Material: update the getting-started docs (#9529)
slint-ui/slint: ui-libraries/material/docs/src/content/docs/getting-started.mdx

Welcome to the documentation for the Material 3 Design System for Slint. Learn more about
Slint [here](https://slint.dev/).

If you are starting a project from scratch, you can follow the instructions from the one of our template reprositories:

<Tabs syncKey="dev-language">
<TabItem label="C++">
https://github.com/slint-ui/material-cpp-template
</TabItem>
<TabItem label="Rust">
https://github.com/slint-ui/material-rust-template
</TabItem>
<TabItem label="NodeJS">
https://github.com/slint-ui/material-nodejs-template
</TabItem>
<TabItem label="Python" >
https://github.com/slint-ui/material-python-template
</TabItem>
</Tabs>

> If you are want to use the components in your existing project, you can download the source code of the material component from
> https://material.slint.dev/zip/material-1.0.zip
> and extract it into your repository.

Reviewer: Remove conditionals, as in practice this is what you need to do (section 2 of the writing style guide)

```suggestion
To use the components in your existing project, download the source code of the material component from
https://material.slint.dev/zip/material-1.0.zip
and extract it into your repository.
```

Then follow the [documentation to configure the use of `@material` as a library](https://docs.slint.dev/latest/docs/slint/guide/language/coding/file/#component-libraries).

> Here is an example of how to configure it for different languages:

Reviewer: Forgot a missing contraction :)

```suggestion
Here's an example of how to configure it for different languages:
```
